chore: descriptions (#272)
tailcallhq/tailcallhq.github.io: docs/context.md

---

> title: Effective Context Management in Tailcall APIs

Author: ```suggestion
title: GraphQL Resolver Context
```

> description: "Manage context effectively in your APIs with Tailcall. Access comprehensive guides for context handling and optimization."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Explore Tailcall's dynamic Context mechanism for schema field resolution, enabling access to arguments, values, and environment variables for efficient GraphQL queries. Enhance your query handling with Tailcall's advanced Context features for optimized schema field resolution."
```
